[documentation] Fluent Bit, FireLens, Fargate (#4743)
DataDog/integrations-core: ecs_fargate/README.md

### Log Collection

> 

Reviewer: can we mention that FireLens is the preferred option among the two?

Author: made that one first and added an introductory sentence

### Log Collection

You can monitor Fargate logs by using the AWS FireLens integration built on Datadogs Fluentbit output plugin to send logs to Datadog, or by using the `awslogs` log driver and a Lambda function to route logs to Datadog. Datadog reccomends using AWS FireLens because you can configure Fluent Bit directly in your Fargate tasks.

#### Fluent Bit and FireLens

Configure the AWS FireLens integration built on Datadog's Fluent Bit output plugin to connect your FireLens monitored log data to Datadog Logs. 

1. Enable Fluent Bit in the FireLens log router container in your Fargate task. For more information about enabling FireLens, see the dedicated [AWS Firelens docs][28]. For more information about Fargate container definitons, see the [AWS docs on Container Definitions][26]. AWS reccomends that you use [the regional Docker image][32]. Here is an example snippet of a task definition where the Fluent Bit image is configured:
    
    ```
    [ 
      { 
        "essential":true,
        "image":"amazon/aws-for-fluent-bit:latest",
        "name":"log_router",
        "firelensConfiguration":{ 
            "type":"fluentbit",
            "options":{ 

>                 "enable-ecs-log-metadata":"true"

Reviewer 2: this option is "true" by default, I don't know if we need to add it

Reviewer 3: Adding it in this examples allows to document that this flag exists while not creating an non-expected OOTB behaviour.

            }
        }
      }
    ]
    ```

    
2. Next, in the same Fargate task, define a log configuration with AWS FireLens as the log driver, and with data being output to Fluent Bit. Here is an example snippet of a task definition where the FireLens is the log driver, and it is outputting data to Fluent Bit:

    
    ```
    "logConfiguration": {
	    "logDriver": "awsfirelens",
	    "options": {

> 		    "Name": "datadog",

Reviewer 2: `Name` in lowercase should work

```suggestion
		    "name": "datadog",
```

3. Finally, use a [Lambda function][22] to collect logs from CloudWatch and send them to Datadog.

#### Fluent Bit and FireLens

> Configure the AWS FireLens integration built on Datadogs Fluentbit output plugin to connect your FireLens monitored log data to Datadog Logs. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Configure the AWS FireLens integration built on Datadog's Fluent Bit output plugin to connect your FireLens monitored log data to Datadog Logs. 
```

> 1. Enable the [Fluent Bit Datadog integration][27]. For more information, see the dedicated [Fluent Bit docs][27].

Reviewer: this is actually not required because it's pre-configured by AWS and not under the control of the user. recommend to remove this step completely

2. Enable Fluent Bit in the FireLens log router container in your Fargate task. For more information about enabling FireLens, see the dedicated [AWS Firelens docs][28]. For more information about Fargate container definitons, see the [AWS docs on Container Definitions][26]. Here is an example snippet of a task definition where the Fluent Bit image is configured:
    
    ```
    [ 
      { 
        "essential":true,

>         "image":"amazon/aws-for-fluent-bit:latest",

Reviewer: let's mention that AWS recommends to use the regional docker image per https://github.com/aws/containers-roadmap/tree/master/preview-programs/firelens#using-the-aws-for-fluent-bit-image

        "name":"log_router",
        "firelensConfiguration":{ 
            "type":"fluentbit",
            "options":{ 
                "enable-ecs-log-metadata":"true"
            }
        }
      }
    ]
    ```

    

> 3. Next, in the same Fargate task, define a log configuration with AWS FireLens as the log driver, and outputting data to Fluent Bit. Here is an example snippet of a task definition where the FireLens is the log driver, and it is outputting data into Fluent Bit:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Next, in the same Fargate task, define a log configuration with AWS FireLens as the log driver, and with data being output to Fluent Bit. Here is an example snippet of a task definition where the FireLens is the log driver, and it is outputting data to Fluent Bit:
```

[23]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup
[24]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/ecs_fargate/metadata.csv
[25]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-aws-fargate
[26]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#container_definitions
[27]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/fluentbit/
[28]: https://github.com/aws/containers-roadmap/tree/master/preview-programs/firelens
[29]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/graphing/infrastructure/livecontainers/?tab=linuxwindows
[30]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs
[31]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/monitors/monitor_types/

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 3: There are merge conflicts here
